1. What is java and explain features of java?
2. Why is java a platform independent language?
3. What is byte code and the importance of byte code?
4. What is the difference between byte code and machine code?
5. What is the difference between platform independency and cross platform?
6. What is OOP and explain depth?
7. What are the pillars of OOP?
8. What is the difference between semi object oriented and pure object oriented?
9. What is JDK, JRE and JVM?
10. What is the difference between JDK JRE and JVM?
11. What is JVM and explain its architecture?
12. What is array and how many ways to declare an array in java?
13. What is the difference between C array and java array?
14. What is Jagged Array in java?
15. What is an anonymous array in java?


Program for practice 
1. Write a program to input two values using command line argument and perform its swapping?
2. Write a program to input numbers using Scanner class and reverse it?
3. Write program to character from keyboard and check character is alphabet digit or special
symbols?
4. Write a program to input numbers and print its table?
5. Write a program to input numbers and check if the number is perfect or not?
6. Write a program to input numbers and check if the number is duck or not?
7. Write a program to input numbers and check if the number is palindrome or not?
8. Write a program to input numbers and check if the number is Armstrong or not?
9. Write a program to check if a number is prime or not?
10. Write a program to create an array of size 5 and display its value?
11. Write a program to create an array of size 5 and find max value?
12. Write a program to create an array of size and arrange all values in ascending order?
13. Write program to create array of size 5 and input search key value and search value in array
and if value found return its index and return -1
14. Write a program to create an array of size 10 and find occurrences of every element in the array?
15. Write program to create array of size 5 and reverse it


